
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.330165                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                330165157000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9165279217500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  41945                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55733                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              138489212                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2227108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2384.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     132869130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           5276224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5284928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total            8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       767744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            767744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              82441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 82577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                26363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             15980560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                16006922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           26363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              26363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2325333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2325333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2325333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               26363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            15980560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18332255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2.replacements                          81663                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       1017.432011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2041711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          82683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          24.693238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                   8838616788500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks            43.884683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst               0.562202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data             972.985126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.042856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst              0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data              0.950181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.993586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data              1736712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1736712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           308827                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                308827                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              43076                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 43076                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1779788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1779788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1779788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1779788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data              79649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 79785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             2792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               82441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  82577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              82441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 82577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4158125500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4165280500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    145977500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     145977500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       7155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    4304103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4311258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   4304103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4311258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          1816361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1816497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       308827                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            308827                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          45868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             45868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1862229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1862365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1862229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1862365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.043851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.043922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.060870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.060870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.044270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.044340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.044270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.044340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52610.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52205.620912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52206.310710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52284.204871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52284.204871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52610.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52208.282287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52208.944379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52610.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52208.282287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52208.944379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11996                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11996                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         79649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            79785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          82441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             82577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         82441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            82577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      5489500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3186036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3191525500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    111685000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111685000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      5489500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3297721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3303210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      5489500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3297721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3303210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.043922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.060870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.044340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.044340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40363.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40000.954186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40001.572977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40001.790831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40001.790831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40363.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40000.982521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40001.580343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40363.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40000.982521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40001.580343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 5672435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           5672435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            189500                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              4349372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4336804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.711039                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        660330314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            8914584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      100281621                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     5672435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4336804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     136266938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  379000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              484136298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   8773157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     8                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          629507320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.211586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             0.408433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                496312529     78.84%     78.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                133194791     21.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            629507320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.008590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.151866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                104669230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             391491976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  97999120                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              35157491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 189500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              133156614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 189500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                147283908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               348981772                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  38614177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              94437962                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              133052140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               28063678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           153849459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             349735548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        121833732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups         227901816                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             153629900                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   219558                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  94476139                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             22191051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             4605272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  132869130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 132869130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     629507320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.211068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.408067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           496638190     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           132869130     21.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       629507320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             14832      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              44254348     33.31%     33.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     33.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     33.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            61803627     46.51%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             22191051     16.70%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             4605272      3.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              132869130                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.201216                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          730960090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          50726385                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50726385                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           164285490                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           82142745                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     82142745                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               50711553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                82142745                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            10951                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 189500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                90672802                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              13867013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           132869130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              22191051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              4605272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         106155                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        83345                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               189500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             132869130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              22191051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     26796323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  5672435                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    4605272                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.201216                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      132869130                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     132869130                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.201216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                          nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            189500                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    629317820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.211132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.408112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    496448690     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    132869130     21.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    629317820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              132869130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       26796323                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      22191051                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5672435                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   82142745                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  73405045                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events             132869130                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    629317820                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   265927760                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         1813640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        30822994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     132869130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               6.603303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.603303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.151439                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.151439                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                148539387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                77370789                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                 161941793                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 76259112                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                38743130                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse               0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs              0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs              nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse               0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs              0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs              nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     14                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                112.032029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                  8773020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               64507.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     112.032029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.437625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.437625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      8773020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         8773020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       8773020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          8773020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      8773020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         8773020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      8773157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      8773157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8773157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      8773157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8773157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55576.642336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55576.642336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55576.642336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55576.642336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55576.642336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55576.642336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53610.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53610.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53610.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53610.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53610.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53610.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1861973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                255.982930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 24923117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1862229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  13.383487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           8835161045000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     255.982930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20363713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20363713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4559404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4559404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      24923117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         24923117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     24923117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        24923117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1816387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1816387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        45868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        45868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1862255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1862255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1862255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1862255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26974850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26974850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    714342500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    714342500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  27689192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27689192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  27689192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27689192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     22180100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22180100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      4605272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4605272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26785372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26785372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26785372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26785372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14850.827494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14850.827494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15573.875033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15573.875033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14868.636411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14868.636411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14868.636411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14868.636411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       308827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            308827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1816361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1816361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        45868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        45868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1862229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1862229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1862229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1862229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23341959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23341959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    622606500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622606500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23964565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23964565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23964565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23964565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.069524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12850.947031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12850.947031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13573.875033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13573.875033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12868.753252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12868.753252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12868.753252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12868.753252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
