
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.313872                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                313872024000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9148986084500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62875                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83542                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              197347832                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2220056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1590.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     132869130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              8320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1187008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1195328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst         8320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total            8320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       202240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            202240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              18547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 18677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            3160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 3160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                26508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3781822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3808329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           26508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              26508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            644339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 644339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            644339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               26508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             3781822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4452668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2.replacements                          14570                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       3952.888223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           840540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          18663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          45.037775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                   9148861385000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           104.346831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              15.099345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data            3833.442047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.025475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst              0.003686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data              0.935899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.965061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data               680860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  680860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           160851                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                160851                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              25211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 25211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                706071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   706071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               706071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  706071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data              18063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 18193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data              484                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 484                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               18547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              18547                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18677                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6832500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    941848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948680500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     25373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       6832500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     967221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        974053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6832500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    967221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       974053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst              130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           698923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              699053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       160851                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            160851                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          25695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             25695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            724618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               724748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           724618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              724748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.025844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.026025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.025596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.025770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.025596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.025770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52557.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52142.390522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52145.358105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52423.553719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52423.553719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52557.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52149.727719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52152.567329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52557.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52149.727719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52152.567329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3160                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3160                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         18063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            18193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          18547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         18547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      5240500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    722572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    727812500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     19365000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19365000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      5240500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    741937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    747177500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      5240500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    741937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    747177500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.026025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.025770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.025770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40311.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40002.878813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.084373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40010.330579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40010.330579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40311.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40003.073273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.220324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40311.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40003.073273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.220324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 5672435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           5672435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            189500                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              4349372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4336804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.711039                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        627744048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            8914333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      100281621                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     5672435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            4336804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     136266938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  379000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              471559326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   8773157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     8                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          616930097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.215899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             0.411445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                483735306     78.41%     78.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                133194791     21.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            616930097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.009036                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.159749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                104666495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             378917488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  97999117                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              35157494                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 189500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              133156614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 189500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                147811514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               335876943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  38614177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              94437962                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              133052140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               28063675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           153849459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             349735548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        121833732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups         227901816                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             153629900                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   219558                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  94476139                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             22191051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             4605272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  132869130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 132869130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     616930097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.215371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           484060967     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           132869130     21.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       616930097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             14832      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              44254348     33.31%     33.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     33.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     33.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            61803627     46.51%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             22191051     16.70%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             4605272      3.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              132869130                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.211661                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          718382867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          50726385                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50726385                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           164285490                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           82142745                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     82142745                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               50711553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                82142745                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            10917                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 189500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                78661405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              13869238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           132869130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              22191051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              4605272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         106155                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        83345                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               189500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             132869130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              22191051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     26796323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  5672435                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    4605272                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.211661                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      132869130                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     132869130                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.211661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                          nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            189500                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    616740597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.215438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.411126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    483871467     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    132869130     21.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    616740597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              132869130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       26796323                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      22191051                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    5672435                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                   82142745                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  73405045                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events             132869130                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    616740597                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   265927760                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          698319                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        10813951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     132869130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               6.277440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.277440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.159301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.159301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                148539387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                77370789                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                 161941793                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 76259112                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                38743130                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse               0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs              0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs              nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse               0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs              0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs              nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                116.000386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                  8773026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               67484.815385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     116.000386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.226563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.226563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      8773026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         8773026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       8773026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          8773026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      8773026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         8773026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7273500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7273500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7273500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7273500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      7273500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7273500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      8773157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      8773157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8773157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      8773157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8773157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55522.900763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55522.900763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55522.900763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55522.900763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55522.900763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55522.900763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6962500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6962500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      6962500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53557.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53557.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53557.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 724106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.886249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 26060761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 724618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  35.964827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           8836104543000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.886249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     21481184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21481184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4579577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4579577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26060761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26060761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26060761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26060761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       698950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        698950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        25695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       724645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         724645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       724645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        724645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9847396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9847396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    354569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    354569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  10201965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10201965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  10201965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10201965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     22180134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22180134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      4605272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4605272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26785406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26785406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26785406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26785406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14088.841834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14088.841834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13799.143802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13799.143802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14078.569506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14078.569506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14078.569506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14078.569506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       160851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            160851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       698923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       698923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        25695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       724618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       724618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       724618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8449374500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8449374500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    303179000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303179000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8752553500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8752553500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8752553500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8752553500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12089.134998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12089.134998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11799.143802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11799.143802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12078.851892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12078.851892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12078.851892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12078.851892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
